## 口播：
Suffering from raging acnes?

my acne has been making me feel conscious because of its redness and size

This has been my routine every time acne shows up on my face

To help me fake acne scars and soothe  its redness

this is a new staple in my acne care kit

especially I have frequent acne breakouts due to my monthly cycle

it slows down the growth of the acne until it became smooth and scar free

until it became smooth and scar free

this is the Precision Acne Spot Serum from Dr.Leo

this is me now, a week after using the Dr.Leo  Acne Drying Lotion

This product is also FDA approved! Very safe and reliable!

Choose Dr.Leo for acne-free skin, go check my yellow basket with buy 1 get 1 free!


## 画面要求：
Show your smooth and clear skin, take up full of the screen
Stitch a close-up picture to show your acne skin

Full screen show your acne, shoot under sufficient light with obvious acne

Close-up show you dip a cotton swab into the bottle and pull out, show the cotton swab covered with the product

Close-up show the second day you applying to the acne area with obvious thick, obvious white spots
 make your face take up full of the screen

Close-up show the third day you applying to the acne area with obvious thick, obvious white spots
 make your face take up full of the screen

Close-up show the forth day you applying to the acne area with obvious thick, obvious white spots
 make your face take up full of the screen

Close-up show the cotton swab covered with thick products
Show the clear 2 layers of the product, take up full of the screen

Dipping a cotton swab into the product, ensures that the gouache is layered，applying the product on the face with thick, visible white spots.

Close-up show a obvious acne skin picture
(The photo needs to be a close-up of your acne area and the skin details can be clearly seen）
It should be taken at least ⅔ of the screen

Close-up show your smooth and acne free skin
Please show obvious comparison at the same area where had acne before
It should be taken at least ⅔ of the screen

Close-up applying the product on part of the face with thick, visible white spots.
It should be taken at least ⅔ of the screen when applying it to your acne

Introduce the correct using method to the audience
Use rear camera showing *2 layers* (clear water and white powder) of the product like the picture
Close-up showing a cotton swab dipping into and pulling out of the water powder, causing the white powder to scatter in the upper liquid

Use a HDcamera to shoot handheld product images, with the product name facing the camera
(water should not be yellow)






▶️Product Advantages:
1.24-hour rapid pimple flattening: With 5 star acne-fighting ingredients(Salicylic acid, Colloidal Sulfur, Zinc Oxide, Pionin, Niacinamide) to improve acne-prone skin quality Acne types.
2.With a unique water-powder separation texture:  providing a dual-action solution for sudden breakouts, The water layer unclogs pores while the powder layer quickly matures and accelerates the flattening of pimples.
3. Contains 1.8% salicylic acid —-the optimal concentration :Higher concentrations can irritate the skin, while lower concentrations are less effective at treating acne, gentle and non-irritating.
4. Day 1-7-14 Time commitment: After 1 day of use, swollen pimples noticeably shrink; after 7 days of continuous use, pimples are significantly reduced; after 14 days of continuous use, skin becomes smooth, Significantly improves acne-prone skin and pimples are less likely to recur.
5.Come with free cotton swabs

▶️Must have
1. Please make sure to clearly show a before-and-after comparison of the product on the face. We reject unqualified before and after comparisons.
2. Before Look：has to be bare-faced, no makeup like brows, eyeshadow, or mascara
    After Look: 
3.Please explain in small print in the video: results may vary depending on the skin type
4. Please share your most real use results, what you think are the advantages of the product, and your feelings of use with your audience.We reject false before and after comparisons. When creating content, you can create it according to your own characteristics, style and creativity.
5. Recommend video production in your local language (except for brand product names). Do not mention medical vocabularies, for example: cure,treat
6. Please watch Product How-To Use Reference Video to best showcase the product:
Dip a cotton swab in the gouache and pull it out so that the white powder is spread in the liquid above.
[Rear camera]dip and take out the product.mp4 [People shooting at the camera]dip and take out the product.mp4
Apply product on face：Use a cotton swab to apply thickly on the obvious acne.
